doc: mention crypto.hash() for better perf (#63420)
nodejs/node: doc/api/crypto.md

behavior. For XOF hash functions such as `'shake256'`, the `outputLength` option
can be used to specify the desired output length in bytes.

> For a smaller data (< 5MB), use [`crypto.hash()`][] instead for better performance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the data is small (< 5MB) and readily available, [`crypto.hash()`][] is usually faster.
```
